    ALPINE ANALYTICS, INC. ALPINE END USER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

IMPORTANT NOTICE: YOU SHOULD READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU
INSTALL OR USE ANY SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION FROM ALPINE ANALYTICS, INC.
("Alpine") IF YOU INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU SHALL HAVE
ACCEPTED THESE TERMS.  IF YOU HAVE PURCHASED THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE VIA THE
INTERNET BY CLICKING THE ACCEPT BUTTON, YOU CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY AND BECOME A
PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT, CLICK THE BUTTON THAT INDICATES THAT YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS OF
THIS AGREEMENT AND DO NOT INSTALL THE SOFTWARE.  YOU MAY RETURN THIS SOFTWARE
FOR A FULL REFUND. YOUR RIGHT TO RETURN AND REFUND EXPIRES THIRTY (30) DAYS
AFTER PURCHASE FROM ALPINE.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT, THEN ALPINE IS
UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU.

License. The Software is licensed, not sold, to You for use only under the terms
of this License ("License").  Subject to the terms set forth in this License
Agreement ("Agreement"), Alpine, grants You this non-exclusive, non-transferable
License to use the Software in machine-readable form and any documentation
delivered with the Software (the "Documentation").  Documentation
means written information (whether contained in user or technical manuals,
training materials, specifications or otherwise) pertaining to the Software and
made available with the Software.  This License solely enables You to install
one copy of the Software on one computer and to use the Software on that
computer for which You have paid the applicable License fees solely for Your own
internal business purposes. The Software is considered to be in use when it
resides in memory or is otherwise stored on a machine. In order to use the
Software, You may be required to input a registration number or product
authorization key and register Your copy of the Software online at Alpine's
website to obtain the necessary License key or License file.

Ownership and Intellectual Property Rights.  Alpine retains full ownership
rights in the Software and Documentation and all rights not expressly granted to
You in this Agreement.  The Software and Documentation are protected by
copyright and other intellectual property rights.  You may not copy or otherwise
use the Software or Documentation, in whole or part, except as expressly
permitted in this Agreement. Your possession, installation, or use of the
Software does not transfer to You any title to the intellectual property in the
Software, and will not acquire any rights to the Software except as expressly
set forth in this Agreement.

Restrictions of Use. The Software and Documentation may be copied solely for the
purposes of installation and back-up.  You may not sublicense, assign, rent,
lease, lend, sell, redistribute or transfer the Software, Documentation or any
rights thereto, either in whole or in part, to any third party.  You will not
permit the publication or distribution of results of any benchmark tests run on
the Software without the express written permission of Alpine.  You may not
modify the Software in any manner.  You agree that the source code applicable to
the Software is confidential and proprietary to Alpine. Accordingly, You may not
decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise manipulate the Software so
as to derive such source code, modify, or create derivative works.  If You
breach this restriction, You may be subject to prosecution and damages. The
terms of the License will govern any upgrades that replace or supplement the
original Software, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license in
which case the terms of that license will govern.

Term and Termination.  The Agreement and the License granted herein shall remain
effective until terminated. The term of the License provided in this Agreement
is perpetual and becomes effective on Your installation or use of the Software.
You may terminate this License at any time by destroying all copies of the
Software and Documentation or by returning all such copies to Alpine. This
Agreement and the License for the Software and Documentation will terminate
automatically and without provision of notice by Alpine if (i) You fail to
comply with any of the terms of this Agreement, including any attempt to
transfer any copy of the Software or Documentation to another party or any
attempt to modify the Software or (ii) You cease doing business, dissolve, make
an assignment for the benefit of creditors of all or substantially all of Your
assets or voluntarily or involuntarily enter bankruptcy.  Upon termination for
any reason, You agree that You will destroy all copies of the Software and
Documentation full or partial in Your possession or control or return all such
copies to Alpine. Limitations of liability, limited warranty and disclaimers and
restrictions of warranty shall survive termination of this Agreement.

Records. You grant to Alpine and its independent accountants the right to
examine Your books, records and accounts during Your normal business hours to
verify compliance with this Agreement. In the event such audit discloses non-
compliance with this Agreement, You shall promptly pay to Alpine the appropriate
License fees, plus the reasonable cost of conducting the audit.

Limited Warranty. Alpine warrants that for a period of thirty (30) days from the
date of shipment of the media containing the Software to You, the Software, if
operated as instructed, will perform substantially in accordance with the
accompanying Documentation.  Alpine’s obligation under this warranty shall be
limited as set forth below.  Alpine does not warrant that the Software is
totally free from error or omission or that its operation will be uninterrupted.
All warranty obligations are void if the Software has been improperly installed
or, has been modified by a party other than Alpine.   Your sole and exclusive
remedy and the entire liability of Alpine under this limited warranty will be
(i) replacement of defective media and/or (ii) at Alpine's option, repair,
replacement, or refund of the purchase price of the Software, in both cases
subject to the condition that any error or defect constituting a breach of this
limited warranty is reported within the warranty period. Alpine may, at its
option, require return of the Software and/or Documentation as a condition to
the remedy.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY STATED ABOVE OR AS REQUIRED BY
LAW, THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
RESULTS OBTAINED AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS ASSUMED BY YOU, AND
ALPINE ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR APPLICATION OF OR ERRORS OR
OMISSIONS IN THE LICENSED SOFTWARE. EXCEPT AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY LAW, IN NO
EVENT SHALL ALPINE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OFTHE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ALPINE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES
OCCURRING.  ALPINE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY BUSINESS INTERRUPTION; LOST
PROFITS OR REVENUE; LOSS OF USE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE; LOSS OF DATA OR
EQUIPMENT; THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE PROCUREMENT; CLAIMS BY THIRD PARTIES OR OTHER
SIMILAR COSTS EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY LAW.
 
The warranty and remedy set forth herein are exclusive and in lieu of all
others, oral or written, expressed or implied. No Alpine agent or employee or
third party is authorized to make any modification or addition to this warranty.

Limitation of Liability. Alpine’s entire liability and Your sole remedy shall be
limited, at the election of Alpine, to (i) replacement of the media containing
the Software, (ii) use of Alpine’s reasonable efforts to correct, at no charge,
Software errors of which Alpine is the cause, or (iii) if (i) or (ii) are not
commercially practicable, accept return of the Software and associated
documentation and refund Your License fee paid for the Software, less a
reasonable fee for use up to the time of return. Alpine shall have no liability
if failure of the Software is the result in whole or in part of abuse,
misapplication, unauthorized modification or accident. Any replacement Software
will be warranted on the same terms for the remainder of the original warranty
period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer.

Infringement Indemnification. Alpine agrees to defend at its own expense any
action brought against You to the extent that it is based on a claim that any
Software infringes any United States patent, copyright, or trade mark, and will
pay any costs and damages finally awarded against You in any such actions which
are attributable to any such claim.  Alpine’s obligation under the preceding
sentence is subject to the conditions that (i) You promptly notify Alpine in
writing of any such claim, (ii) Alpine has sole control of such defense and all
negotiations for any settlement or compromise, and (iii) should any Software
become, or in Alpine’s opinion be likely to become, the subject of any such
claim, You permit Alpine, at Alpine’s option and expense, to procure for You the
right to continue using such Software, to replace or modify it so that it
becomes non-infringing, or to grant You a credit for such Software as
depreciated on a three-year, straight-line basis, and accept its return. Alpine
has no liability under this section with respect to any claim which is based
upon or results from (i) the combination of any Software with any equipment,
device, firmware or software not furnished or approved by Alpine, or (ii) any
modification of any Software by a party other than Alpine, (iii) the failure of
others to install or have installed changes, revisions or updates as instructed
by Alpine if such would have made the Software non-infringing, or (iv) Alpine’s
compliance with Your specifications, designs or instructions.

THIS PARAGRAPH STATES YOUR SOLE REMEDY AND ALPINE’S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR ANY
CLAIM RELATING TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS INFRINGEMENT.

Restricted Rights.  The Software is licensed subject to RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use,
duplication, or disclosure by the US. Government or any person or entity acting
on its behalf is subject to restrictions as set forth in subdivision (c)(1) (ii)
the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software Clause at DFARS
(§252.227-7013 and §252.211-7015) for DoD contracts, in paragraphs (c)(1) and
(2) of the Commercial Computer Software Restricted Rights clause in the FAR
(§52. 227-19) for civilian agencies or in other comparable agency clauses.

Export and Re-export. You agree that U.S. export control laws and other
applicable export and import laws govern Your use of the Product, including
technical data. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Software
except as authorized by United States law. Without limitation, the Software may
not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to
anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals
or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List. By using
the Software, You represent and warrant that You are not located in any such
country or on any such list. You also agree that You will not use these products
for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation,
the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear, missiles, or
chemical or biological weapons.

Open Source Software Restrictions.  "Open Source" software means
software available without charge for use, modification or distribution is often
licensed under terms that require the user to make the user's modifications to
the Open Source software or any software that the user 'combines' with the Open
Source software freely available in source code form. If You use Open
Source software in conjunction with the Product, You must ensure that Your use
does not: (i) create, or purport to create, obligations with respect to
the Alpine Product; or (ii) grant, or purport to grant, to any third party any
rights to or immunities under our intellectual property or proprietary rights in
the Alpine Product. For example, You may not develop a software Product
using a Alpine Product and an Open Source Product where such use results in a
Product file(s) that contains code from both the Alpine Product and the Open
Source Product (including without limitation libraries) if the Open Source
Product is Licensed under a License that requires any "modifications"
be made freely available. You also may not combine the Alpine Product with
programs Licensed under the GNU General Public License ("GPL") in any
manner that could cause, or could be interpreted or asserted to cause, the
Alpine Product or any modifications thereto to become subject to the terms of
the GPL. This commercial product includes third party software ("Third Party
Software"). By using the Software, You acknowledge and agree that Alpine is not
responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness,
timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any
other aspect of such Third Party Software or web sites. Alpine does not warrant
or endorse and does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility
to You or any other person for any Third Party Software, Third Party Software or
web sites. Third Party Materials and links to other web sites are provided
solely as a convenience to You.

Third Party Software. Alpine does not supply all third party software that may
be required to use the Software. Please consult the Documentation for
further details. You acknowledge that the Software contains or is provided
with copyrighted software of Alpine’s suppliers which are obtained under a
license from such suppliers. Your use of any third party software shall be
subject to and You agree to and shall comply with the applicable restrictions
and other terms and conditions set forth therein.

Reporting.  To enable product improvements and bug fixes, the Software will
record errors and other diagnostic information back to Alpine operated servers.
Information passed along would be generic and be general application level-data
and exclude user-specific data.  This is a feature that users may turn off.
However, the Software will have this feature turned on by default.  By
installation of this Software, the User agrees with the default settings of
Alpine’s Software.

General.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of the
provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  The laws of
the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern this
License and Your use of the Software. Your use of the Software may also be
subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.  Alpine retains
all rights not expressly granted. Nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver
of Alpine’s rights under U.S. copyright laws or any other federal, state, local,
or foreign law or grants You any rights in source code. You are responsible for
installation, management and operation of the Software.  Should You have any
questions concerning this Agreement, contact Alpine, Inc. 1550 Bryant Street,
Suite 1000, San Francisco, CA 94103 USA.
